BUGFIX: getAugmentationBasePrice ignores bitnode mult for SoA augs (#2756)
bitburner-official/bitburner-src: markdown/bitburner.singularity.getaugmentationbaseprice.md

number

Base price of the augmentation, before the player's price multiplier.

## Remarks

RAM cost: 2.5 GB \* 16/4/1

> This excludes the player's price multiplier, but does include the relevant BitNode multipliers (e.g. the Shadows of Anarchy augmentation cost mult).

Reviewer: The wording you had confused me, because it seemed to say the opposite of how it works.
```suggestion
This excludes the player's price multiplier, but does include the relevant BitNode multiplier (for all augs that aren't part of Shadows of Anarchy, which doesn't use BitNode multipliers).
```
